Search config/on result (#2012)
seqan/seqan3: CHANGELOG.md

  multiple bins ([\#920](https://github.com/seqan/seqan3/pull/920)).
* Added `seqan3::search_cfg::hit`, which allows dynamic configuration of the hit strategy.
  ([\#1853](https://github.com/seqan/seqan3/pull/1853)).

> * Added `seqan3::search_cfg::on_result`, which allows a the user to provide a custom callback for the search algorithm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `seqan3::search_cfg::on_result`, which allows providing a custom callback for the search algorithm
```
